Okay, so let's go through
then these last exercises.
So for your last exercise,
the big wrap up, the big finish here for
flexbox, I'd like you to finish
up this particular web page, and
I'd like you to add one final
section to this particular website.
So I am inside of the GitHub files,
I'm inside of VS Code.
We're looking at chapter number 7,
and I am going to go through
the screenshots of what it is
you're going to be doing here.
So starting with the desktop,
this is what your web page is
going to wind up looking like.
So right now you've got the hero image,
we put that in place, we have our
featured print that we added as well.
What you are going to add is
the Popular Prints section of this and
that is right there in between
the Mission and the Featured Print,
so that is the part of the web
page that you're gonna add.
And as you see here on desktop, that
is three images next to each other and
the color needs to stretch all
the way to the edges of the page.
We've talked about how to
do that earlier today.
Then we're gonna go to the tablet here,
and
let me just zoom in on
the Popular Prints part of this.
I want you to do this crazy thing right
here in the middle under Popular Prints.
So when we go to Popular Prints and
we go to a tablet dimension,
that last image normally would
wrap onto the next line.
You'd have two on the top and one
underneath, and then a big gaping hole.
So instead, I'd like you to use flexbox
to make that final image here on tablet
dimensions, stretch all the way
across the width of the screen, so
you have two on top and
a big one on the bottom.
And then finally, of course,
when we go to mobile,
these will just set right
on top of each other, okay?
A lot of the code is already
there inside of the web
page that we've been coding all day.
So a lot of the stuff like the figures,
and the styling, the borders, and so
forth, a lot of that's already there.
But you're gonna have to write some
additional code to make these pictures do
the crazy things that
I want you to do here.